Support for ExpressRoute direct MACsec SCI state (#23625)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/express_route_port.html.markdown

* `macsec_cak_keyvault_secret_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Key Vault Secret that contains the Mac security CAK key for this Express Route Port Link.

> * `macsec_sci_enabled` - (Optional) Enable Secure Channel Identifier on the Express Route Port Link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `macsec_sci_enabled` - (Optional) Should Secure Channel Identifier on the Express Route Port Link be enabled? Defaults to `false`.
```

Author: Thanks - update made and pushed.
